Israeli tanks have targeted starving
civilians seeking food killing at least
nine Palestinians in Gaza the attack
took place at the Q roundabout in the
center of the strip the Israeli military
has repeatedly targeted the location in
recent weeks last month Israeli forces
killed more than 115 civilians near the
same area hany Mahmud joins us now on
the phone from Rafa in southern Gaza
hany this uh area q roundabout it's it's
a place where people trying to get Aid
seem to be repeatedly targeted by
Israeli forces what's the situation
there yes good morning glory and that's
why people have been calling this area
as a desert trap but despite the dangers
involving in that the Kuwaiti roundabout
on Salah wood hunger and and starvation
and inforce the dehydration and
starvation just doesn't stop people from
get getting together waiting for it as
they are largely hungry in addition to
the fact that they've been displaced and
and traumatized for the most part since
the beginning of this genocidal War nine
people have been killed so far and in
fact the initial number was seven and
two just died in the shifa hospital as
there is no medical proper medical
intervention whatsoever the other 20
plus injuries inside a shipa hospital
are likely to lose their life right now
because their injuries are very severe
and the hospital doesn't have the
capacity to intervene and provide life
saving elements right now or a treatment
because it has been
non-operational since it was stormed and
largely damaged by the Israeli military
with in the past three months this has
unfortunately becoming the new normal
for Aid SE Seekers and hungry
Palestinians stranded in the northern
part in Gaza City we've seen this
happening almost in on daily basis right
now people get together wait for food
supplies and and other survivals and
they're being attacked by the Israeli
military and as of this month today is
the second day of the month of Ramadan
and that doesn't seem to stop the
Israeli military from committing these
atrocities at all in addition to the
attacks on the on Aid Seekers we see an
intense bombing campaign and and heavy
artillery Shilling across G distrib from
the northern part of the trip including
Gaza City and its Western neighborhoods
to the central area the refugee camps to
hanun mainly the eastern part of the
city of hanun where from Raa City here
we could hear clearly the sound of
explosion of the systematic control
demolition of residential homes uh to
the point a lot of of the civil defense
crew parameters describe the eastern
part of hanun as an largely empty clear
land now there are no signs of Life of
any or infrastructure or public
facilities at of early hours of this ra
City came under at least two air strikes
along with the constant ongoing
artillery Shing of the eastern part of
the city but no injuries reported at two
residential homes that were targeted in
Raa city were uh empty and uh but the
fact that it that the explosion happened
and the attacks happened just forced a
people within the vicinity of the area
into further more displacement just
aggravating their already miserable
living conditions okay hany Mahmud bring
us the latest on the situation across
Gaza Gaza there from Rafa in the South
thanks very much hany